Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's a new day.
The sun rises in the east.
Across our land. men and women
go to work in factories and farms...
Providing for their families.
Everyone has a job.
Everyone knows the part they play
keeping our country strong
and safe.
So today. we give thanks
to our brave leaders.
knowing we are stronger and prouder.
and better.
Yes. it's a new day in our proud land.
But our greatest days. they lie ahead.
Seig heil.
Hey. uh. pal.
Yeah.
Do you know where the manager is?
Are you the manager. Mr. Warren?
Yeah.
- I'm Joe Blake.
- So?
I was told you have a job.
And who told you that. Joe Blake?
I didn't get his name.
Just this.
So this is what they're sending me now.
- How old are you. 28?
- 27.
27.
What the hell you doing here. Joe Blake?
I want my country back. sir.
You want it back? You never had it.
Sir?
You were still sucking your thumb
when they dropped the bomb.
This shit hole's the only
country you've ever known.
Well. my father told me what it was like.
before the war.
- Your father. huh?
- He said every man was free.
How do I know you're not a spy?
- A spy?
- The resistance...
what's left of it... is
shot through with them.
Half my friends are dead.
Guess that's why they're
down to kids like you.
I'm not a spy.
You know what those brownshirts out there
would do if they caught you?
I'm not afraid to die.
Me. either. Might be a relief. actually.
But how you feel about pain?
- Pain?
- Yeah.
When they're plucking your
fingernails out one by one.
or they're cracking your
balls open like walnuts.
That's when maybe you stop caring about
what your old man said
and tell Johnny Jackboot out there my name.
or just about anything else he wants.
You're so afraid. why are you here?
I fought in the war. kid.
I saw my buddies' brains get
blown out on Virginia Beach.
You... You're just a punk
who could get me caught.
Yeah. I guess I'm afraid of pain.
I don't have any buddies
who died in the war.
I don't really know what freedom is.
But I'm not a punk and
I'm not a spy. Mr. Warren.
I'm here because I want
to do the right thing.
So you gonna give me the job or not?
You take the autobahn across the Reich.
You stop here. Canon City.
That's the neutral zone.
Wow. he can read a map too. huh?
- What am I gonna do there?
- You wait.
Your contact will approach you
when and if he determines it's safe.
And if he doesn't?
Nazis are onto you. You're dead.
- What's this?
- Benzedrine.
You get sleepy on the road.
you pop a couple of those.
- No stopping.
- These why he calls you "doc"?
The boy's fast. huh?
You can talk to me. you
know. I'm in the room.
You know how to use one of those?
- What do I need that for?
- Any luck. you don't.
You know how to use it or not?
Yeah. I've seen the movies.
Point and shoot.
So what's my cargo?
- Good German coffeemakers.
- That's not what I meant.
You heard what curiosity did to the cat?
Coffeemakers. Now. get going.
See you boys when I get back.
You'll never see us
again. That's how it works.
Good luck. kid.
Go. Go! Go. go. go!
Lower your weapon!
Put it down!
Take cover. take cover. get down!
- Get down!
- Aah!
Get going! Get going!
Get outta here! Come on!
Get down! Now!
He's getting away! Get. get!
Let's go. come on! Come on!
Go! Go!
Come on. doc!
Go that way! Split up!
Obergruppenfuhrer Smith.
And the truck?
Gone.
Huh... uhh!
Uhh!
Only your ego is bruised.
This is the beauty of Aikido.
It is not about harming your opponent.
It does not attack. It defends.
It requires skill. not strength.
to turn your opponent's
aggression against him.
That is how a woman can
defeat a man twice her size.
- Miss Crain. congratulations.
- Thanks. Doni.
You can call me Juliana. you know.
Your necklace. it's very lovely.
Thanks. My boyfriend made it.
Ah. Is he an artist?
He used to be.
Juliana. would you...
would you allow me to buy you some tea?
I can't. My mother's expecting me.
How about tomorrow before class?
- Konnichiwa.
I need some gentian root
and meadowsweet. please.
- For you?
- For my mother.
- Jules!
- She has arthritis.
I thought I'd find you here.
- Trudy. you're back.
- I'm not staying. and don't
tell mom. okay? I don't
want the whole guilt thing.
So where you been? I've
been trying to reach you
- for weeks.
- I had work out of town.
- You got a job?
- Yeah. me.
- Can you believe it?
- Of course I can.
- What is it?
- I'll... I'll explain later.
- I've got to go.
- Hang on.
That's what you came to
tell me. hello and good-bye?
Trudy. this is me. What's going on?
You always looked out for me. sis. but...
You don't need to anymore.
Oh. yeah? Why is that?
I found... The reason.
The reason?
For everything.
You... take care of yourself. sis.
Here you are.
- 6 yen.
- Domo arigato.
Our mystery guest is
Glen Pickle from Chicago.
Glen. welcome to guess my game.
Thank you. Phil. it's
a pleasure to be here.
It says here you're
from Florida originally.
Ugh. those uniforms. I
can hardly stand to watch.
So change it.
Well. then I won't find out his game.
- Here you go.
- What's this?
- It's from the herbalist.
- The Jap herbalist?
- It's Chinese.
- Jap tea. Jap karate.
It's not Karate. ma. It's Aikido.
I don't know why you like the japs so much.
They killed your father.
Come on. mom. Mr. Nakamura's
one of the good guys.
They marched my poor John to his death.
and now his own daughter
thinks they're the good guys.
Exercise is good for her. Anne.
after the accident and all.
Your father's spinning in
his grave. I tell you that.
I have to go.
Go? You just got here.
- Frank's waiting.
- I'll get your coat.
I'll see you
She's not so bad you know.
All righty. Glen. Is your game
- Something you trained for in Hitler youth?
- Yes. it certainly is. Phil.
- Hey.
- Hey. hey.
- Where's Ed?
- Oh. he's coming.
Yazu. sake cocktail. please.
- What is that?
- Oh. it's nothing.
- Let me see.
- Mm-mm!
- No. it's not done.
- Come on.
- don't make me get rough.
- It's just a new design.
Frank. is that me?
Well. if you can't tell. I'm in trouble.
- I love it.
- Yeah?
You're such a good artist.
you should be out there.
- selling your art.
- Yeah. well. they won the war.
and they think modern art is degenerate.
Hey. how's class?
You'd have been really proud of me.
I'm always proud of you.
A nice change after seeing mom.
Mm-mm.
Apparently. dad's spinning in his grave
because I'm studying the
evil ways of the yellow man.
Yeah. of course he is.
Aikido is the exact opposite
of the men who killed my dad.
It's so beautiful.
Now you're back on your feet.
maybe it's time to get a job.
I'm working on it. Then what?
Well. then we get married...
you know. have kids.
You really want to raise
kids in a world like this?
Somebody has to.
You're scared because
my grandfather was a Jew.
Aren't you?
Yeah. Yeah. of course I am.
It just doesn't seem fair.
What if anybody ever found out?
They have taken everything
else away from us.
You're gonna let them take that too?
All right.
Knock it off. love birds.
How you doing. Jules?
- Swell. how about you?
- Dandy.
Hey. weizen beer. Make it cold.
Everything all right?
Sure.
Oh. look at that old bastard.
He can't keep himself
off TV. every fucking day.
Do you know the last time he wasn't on TV?
V.A. Day. 1952.
All right. I'm gonna head home.
You leaving? I just got here.
- I'll go with you.
- No. stay.
See you later. I'm taking this with me.
Oh.
- Did you see that?
- What?
Mr. Hitler. he's got his
right hand in his pocket.
Do you know why?
So he can play with his
balls. 'cause nobody else will?
He's got Parkinson's.
His hands shake like shit.
How much longer do you think he's got?
- I don't know. a year?
- Six months. tops.
Then Goebbels or Himmler
takes over. only this time.
they won't just flatten
D.C. with the H-bomb.
They wipe out the whole west coast.
Boom.
Juliana.
Trudy.
Take this.
- What is it?
- Quick. get inside.
- What is this?
- A way out.
Frank.
Hey.
Hey. what is this?
It's newsreel film.
Yeah. I see that.
It shows us winning the war.
But we didn't win the war.
That's what they told us.
- Jesus. I know what this is.
- What?
- The man in the high castle.
- Who?
Some guy Ed told me about it.
He makes these anti-fascist movies.
Makes them... G.I.'s in Times Square?
- No. I know they look real.
- Yeah.
they look real 'cause they are real.
But they can't be. can they?
Whatever they are. Hitler
ordered them all destroyed.
Why. if they're just stupid movies?
The point is. possessing them is treason.
How did you get this?
- Trudy gave it to me.
- Trudy?
What the hell is she doing with this?
I don't know.
She's dead.
What?
They shot her on the street.
Hey.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Hey. we have to go to the police.
Police are the ones who shot her. Frank.
You have to say you weren't close.
- She was only your half-sister.
- No. Frank. no.
You didn't know what she gave you.
- You're a loyal subject and will cooperate
- Trudy died
- for this. Frank.
- fully.
They have to think you
know nothing about this.
or they'll kill you too.
You think Trudy would want that?
Earthquakes rock the African colonies.
Semitic terrorists
strike the Baltic capital.
and the fuhrer vows sweet revenge.
What's the number one hit in the nation?
- Any sleep?
- Not much.
Hmm. What's that?
A ticket... for the 10:30 bus.
Canon City. Colorado?
Trudy told me she was going out of town.
On the back. she wrote something.
Looks like "sunrise diner. 12:5."
- 5 minutes after 12:00?
- I guess.
She told me she got a job.
Never would've imagined
Trudy in the resistance.
- Come on.
- What?
I'm taking you to the police station.
- No. you're not coming with me.
- Of course I am.
Frank. the last thing you need
is trouble with the police.
- Jules. this is serious.
- I know it is.
which is why the less
involved you are. the better.
- I still think I should go!
- Not a chance.
I'll take care of it. I promise.
Then I'll go see mom. and I'll...
Tell her what happened. and Arnold.
All right. I'm sorry.
I don't know what I
would've done without you.
After the accident. you
got me back on my feet.
Hey. nothing could keep
you down for long. Jules.
not even a bus.
All right.
- See you tonight.
- Yeah.
- Miss Crain.
- Doni.
You said tea this morning.
Yes. of course.
Um...
I'm sorry. I forgot I have an appointment.
Can we do this another time?
Yes. okay.
Thank you.
After the crown prince
gives his speech here.
I personally will escort
him and the princess
inside this room where we will take tea.
Is there a problem. Mr. Tagomi?
I'm sorry. the furniture in
this room is inappropriate
for the crown prince and princess.
Trade Minister. I assure you
these are very fine pieces.
the same as the fuhrer has in Berlin.
We're happy to replace it. of course.
if you'll send us information
on the proper pieces.
Yes. thank you.
Thank you. Ambassador.
We're deeply honored to
receive the crown prince
and princess as guests here at the embassy.
It is an harmonious
expression of the friendship
between the German and Japanese peoples.
What the hell was that about?
The furniture doesn't have chi.
Chi?
One of the five great elements.
It comes from the Chinese. They believe
there's a spirit in things.
bringing good or bad luck.
Superstitious slant-eyed crap.
I don't understand why the fuhrer
allowed these people to
rule half the continent.
"Allowed." But for how much longer?
The Nazi officer has a disdain.
He only understands a world he can see.
You seem troubled. Trade Minister.
It's a time of great
uncertainty. Kotomichi.
The fuhrer is said to be very ill.
Surely his successor will continue
a policy of peaceful cohabitation.
I consulted the oracle.
The reply was the 29th hexagram.
"Darkness. Pay attention."
Damn it.
Shit!
Heil Hitler.
You're a mess. Mr. Warren.
Here.
That better?
See. this will... this
will end badly for you.
Didn't start too good.
I'm told you have something
very important to tell me.
- Where the truck was sent.
- Mm.
I'm listening.
- Alabama.
- Alabama?
Birmingham.
And the cargo?
Coffeemakers.
So your men shoot at us
to keep us from intercepting coffeemakers?
They were stolen. He
didn't want to go to jail.
You're the leader of the resistance
for east New York. Mr. Warren.
We've known it for a month now.
ever since we intercepted one of these.
This is the symbol of
your movement. is it not?
We know where that truck was headed.
And what it was carrying.
If you know so much. what
do you want with me. huh?
What do you want?
What do you want... Huh? What do you want!
Uhh... uhh... aah!
Oh. fuck.
Blow out. huh?
Yeah. and no tool kit. That's not good.
Well. I got one in the trunk.
Let me give you a hand.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
All right. that should be good.
Pull slowly up.
All right. hold.
That should do it.
Oh. thanks a lot.
There's not another diner
open for about five hours.
Wife packed an extra
sandwich if you're hungry.
- Oh. you don't mind?
- No. not at all.
I will need to see your transit papers.
Yeah. sure.
Uh. egg salad. I hope that's okay.
- That's great.
- There we go.
- Oh. it's your first long haul?
- How'd you know?
Well. not having a tool kit.
That's a... rookie mistake.
I guess so. It's my first time
out of New York. actually.
first time seeing the country.
Well. here it is.
You mind I ask. the tattoo on your arm?
Oh.
A soldier so fierce. he'd kill a rose.
- That was you?
- Oh. a long time ago.
We lost the war. didn't we?
Now. I can't even remember
what we were fighting for.
Uh. your dad a vet?
Yeah.
Must be proud. fine young man like you.
We're not really close.
but me getting this job
is pretty important to him.
What is that?
- Oh. that's the hospital.
- The hospital?
Yeah. Tuesdays. they burn
cripples. the terminally ill.
Drag on the state.
There you go. You have a safe trip. son.
Make your old man proud. now.
Can I help you. miss?
Hey! There you are.
- Who the hell are you?
- I gave that satchel to Trudy.
- Where is she?
- She's dead.
They shot her last night in the street.
Oh. Jesus.
You the one who got her into this?
Yes. I suppose so. Who are you?
I'm her sister.
- Give me the film.
- No. I'm going in her place.
They're expecting Trudy. not you.
- I'll say I'm her.
- It's too dangerous.
- So what. she dies for nothing?
- Not nothing.
- She died doing the right thing.
- The right thing?
You got to be fucking kidding.
What do I do when I get there?
Tell me.
Uh. you wait.
- I wait?
- They will come to you
if it is safe.
This film. what does it mean?
You want to help? Don't ask questions.
Ah. Mr. Baynes. Nobusuke Tagomi.
Mr. Tagomi. very kind of
you to meet me in person.
Trade relations with Sweden
is very important to the pacific states.
My associate. Mr. Kotomichi.
will see to your baggage.
Thank you.
And how was your flight?
New York to San Francisco
in under two hours.
German technology.
We Japanese cannot hope to compete.
Technology is not the measure
of a great civilization.
Forgive me. captain.
I must confirm your identity.
Of course.
I'm told Sweden is a lovely country.
but I never visited.
I don't know the first thing
about exports. I'm afraid.
Thank you.
You seem burdened. Mr. Tagomi.
I have consulted the I ching.
Those sticks you throw.
- Oracle favors our meeting.
- Good to hear.
since both our governments would execute us
if they knew we were talking.
The man you are to meet
will arrive from Tokyo
in two days' time.
He's traveling with the
crown prince and princess?
And what news do you bring from Berlin?
The fuhrer's health is poor.
and Goebbels and Himmler.
they're jockeying for power.
Neither seeks peace.
They deny it in public. but both men think
the partition of the
Americas was a mistake.
They've dropped the bomb before.
and they won't hesitate to drop it again.
Then there will be war.
Once the fuhrer dies...
Without question.
And this city would be
one of the first ones
to be erased from the map.
What are you so gloomy about. Mr. Tagomi?
You said the oracle favors our meeting.
Fate is fluid. Captain Wegener.
Destiny is in the hands of men.
You know our only hope. don't you?
Yeah. we've got no hope.
You're wrong. It's Rommel.
- Rommel?
- Yeah.
All these little rats...
Goebbels and Himmler and goring...
all scurrying around. waiting
for the old man to die.
The desert fox swoops
in. wipes 'em all out.
Rommel's retired.
Yeah. but he's still in his early 70s.
He's a hell of a lot more
vigorous than Mr. mustache.
- don't you think?
- Yeah. I suppose.
Cover for me. will you? Okay. sure.
- Mr. Matson?
- Yeah. Frank?
Uh. I'm... I'm just wondering.
have you had a chance
to look at the designs?
You just gave them to
me this morning. Frank.
Right. and?
And as it happens. I have looked at them.
- They're quite beautiful.
- Thank you.
But look. they're degenerate. Frank.
You just said they're beautiful.
How can jewelry be degenerate?
Japs only want the old-timey stuff.
like the colt .45s. Americana.
No one has actually tried
selling them jewelry.
And no one's going to.
Come on. Frank. come back from fairy land.
You're a solid worker.
You've got a solid job.
Count your blessings.
- May I?
- Sure.
Guy next to me was just snoring.
I can never sleep on buses. can you?
What brings you to the neutral zone?
Oh. just visiting a friend.
You must have some interesting friends.
I don't know what you mean.
You see any other white girls on this bus?
I mean. take a look around. darlin'.
Wrong color. wrong religion. wrong bedmate.
The Nazis catch 'em. and
poof! Up in smoke they go.
But the japs are happy to let 'em scramble
out of the pacific states.
They can hole up in the rocky mountains.
or run down to South America if they like.
What's it like. the neutral zone?
You ever seen them westerns
that the fuhrer watches?
It's like that. lawless.
Except for the marshal. of course.
The marshal?
This is your first time. isn't it?
He's a Nazi agent. and he
hunts down enemies of the Reich.
He strings 'em up and he burns 'em alive.
Katie Owens.
Oh. Trudy... Walker.
Jules?
Jesus.
Hey!
Hey. she has my bag. She has my things.
Wait! Stop. Can you wait? Wait.
Please...
Please wait. sir. I
left something out there.
- The bus is leaving.
- No.
Where is this man's minder?
I'll find him. Obergruppenfuhrer.
- Heil Hitler.
- Why was this man
- left unattended?
- The...
Subject is unconsciousness.
Obergruppenfuhrer.
Yes. I can see that.
Your orders were to flog this man
until he answered your questions.
Obergruppenfuhrer. the
subject cannot wake up.
Has he answered your questions?
No. Obergruppenfuhrer.
Then your orders are keep flogging him.
You torture men.
You have a problem with
beating a man to death?
- No. Obergruppenfuhrer.
- Good.
Then do as you're told.
- You're smiling. Erich.
- You already know the answers
to any of questions that
he would ask this man.
- Of course.
- So the subject will die
- in captivity.
- Indeed.
His friends in the resistance
will see his disfigured body.
and they will conclude that
he was only so badly beaten
because he refused to talk.
They will conclude that
we don't know that truck
is headed to Canon City.
or what it is carrying.
I have much to learn from
you. Obergruppenfuhrer.
- Mr. Frink?
- Yes.
Inspector Kido.
Hey. Hey. hey. what's going on?
What is this?
You cohabit this apartment
with Miss Juliana Crain.
do you not?
Uh. yes.
Where is Miss Crain?
I don't know. She left early this morning.
Aikido practice.
Oh. Aikido practice.
The dojo on Mission Street.
Are you aware that Miss
Crain's half-sister.
Miss Trudy Walker. was
engaged in treasonous activity?
Trudy? No.
I didn't keep in touch with her.
Neither did Juliana.
Aren't you going to get that?
Sure. if you don't mind.
Too late.
This is a national
security matter. Mr. Frink.
The penalties for perjury are severe.
I'm telling the truth.
I'm so sorry. I can't pay you.
You what?
Someone stole my wallet. all my money.
- I'm really sorry.
- This ain't no charity. lady.
I know. I'm really embarrassed.
- How you gonna pay me?
- I told you. I can't.
Wrong answer. How are you going to pay me?
- I...
- You know what we do to folks
around here who don't pay their bills?
I'll pay for it.
No. I don't need your
money. whoever you are.
- I...
- Oh. yes. you do.
That's 2 marks. please.
There you go.
- I didn't ask you to do that.
- I know you didn't.
You're welcome. by the way.
Hey. where you going?
No place.
Can I buy you a drink?
After you.
I guess I should thank you
for what you did back there.
It's no problem.
You always so helpful to strangers?
Pretty ones. I am.
I can't pay you back.
Yeah. I didn't think you could.
- No... no!
- So what's your name?
I'm Trudy.
Trudy. pleased to meet you. I'm Joe.
Oh!
So how long you been in Canon City. Trudy?
Just got here. as a matter of fact.
How about you?
I'm just passing through.
That's my truck over there.
You weren't looking for
anyone named Trudy. were you?
No.
So this is... you really
just wanted to talk?
Yeah. why? Is that so weird?
Nope. Guess not.
- Aw. Crud.
- What?
I'll be right back.
Hey. it's me.
How was your journey?
- No one stopped me.
- Then your cover's intact.
I'll tell your father. Joe.
I know he'll be very proud.
Thank you. Obergruppenfuhrer. I hope so.
Heil Hitler.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-